Changes the Eddiehub's discord name and link (#49)
EddieHubCommunity/EddieBotUI: README.md

## About EddieBotUI

> EddieBotUI is a web application built to display all kinds of information about the **EddieHub Discord community** - [click to join](https://discord.com/invite/jZQs6Wu) - like users biography, usage stats, badges and more.

Reviewer: How about we use the same invite link as the other repos (this is related to [this issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/EddieHubCommunity.github.io/issues/163#issuecomment-826338069))? This way we don't need to change when the link is invalid 🙂 
```suggestion
EddieBotUI is a web application built to display all kinds of information about the **EddieHub Discord community** - [click to join](http://discord.eddiehub.org/) - like users biography, usage stats, badges and more.
```

Author: That's awesome. With this, we don't have to change the link again and again.
Thanks for helping me out  :-)

Reviewer 2: @ShaileshKumar007 please merge this change? 🤔
